{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh13420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 * Set1 VA has a few problems. 
\f1\b0 \
\
* It appears to be a bit inconsistent which image probes came from which set. For instance, all of the image probes following emo matrices came from the emo sets (with all \'93NO\'94 image probes being previously unseen). However, in the neutral version, some probes are neutral and others are emo, with MOST of the probes being unseen (one exception). \
	* image probe 7017 was a NO image, but previously appeared in neu_L10\
	* image probe 9910 was a NO image, but appears in emo_H7\
	* image probe 5660 was an emo image (unused) after a neutral trial\
	* image probe 9295 was an emo image (unused) after a neutral trial\
	* image probe 7530 was mislabelled YES, changed it to NO on trial_order_corrections.xlsx\
	* image probe 6020 was mislabelled YES, but appears in emo_L17\
\
* There are 39 Yes Images, 33 No Images\
\

\f0\b * Set1 VC has one problem. 
\f1\b0 \
\
* All of the probes came from the appropriate sets. However, After neu_H18, the image 7354 was marked yes, but it should be NO. 7354 is present in neu_L18. \
\

\f0\b * Set2.va has one problem
\f1\b0 \
\
* All of the probes came from the appropriate sets. However, after neu_H7, image 7052 was marked yes, but should be NO. 7052 is present in neu_H8. (row 110 - changed)\
\
*
\f0\b  Set2.vc has one problem\
\

\f1\b0 * After emo_L15, image 7513 is marked yes but should be NO. (changed)
\f0\b \
\
* Set3.vd has one problem\
\

\f1\b0 * All of the probes came from the appropriate sets. However, after emo_H15, image 5623 was marked yes, but should be NO. 5623 is present in the previous trial from emo_H13.
\f0\b \
\
* Set4.vd was all good
\f1\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
}